Sruthi Kommati 
 B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Git Hub Profile
 Indian Institute of Information Technology, Sri City Linked In Profile
 Undergraduate - Pre Final Year sruthi.k22@iiits.in
 
 Education 
 
  Indian Institute of Information Technology, Sri City Expected 2026
 B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA 7.0210
  Rachrala junior college , rachrala gollapally 2022 
 Class XII Percentage 88.9
 Experience 
 
  BHARATH INTERN 
 Website Design and Development Intern (React JS) July 2024  August 2024
  Created 5 responsive projets during this internship period - Weather Forecast App , To Do List , etc...
  Implemented CSSstylingandutilized2CSSframeworkstoenhancearesponsiveuserinterfacedesignusing React JS.
 
  OCTANET SERVICES 
 Web Development Internship Jan 2024  Feb 2024
  Launched a responsive frontend e-commerce website that directed the checkout process with 100 efficiency.
  Designed 15+ interactive web pages with a focus on usability principles using Java Script, HTML, and CSS.
 Personal Projects 
 
  Work Xplore   Git Hub Link 
 Proposed a Full Stack Job-Portal Website. 
  Operated a 3 user login interface portal User, Recruiter, Admin. . 
  Flourished RESTful APIs to optimize data transfer, yielding 100 faster data transfer speeds.
  Enhanced secure authentication with JWT and Redux, reducing 25 of load times and enhancing security.
 Tools and Technologies used Reactjs , Nodejs, Mongo DB, RESTful APIs , Redux, Git .
 
  Food website   Git Hub Link  Deployed Link 
 Developed a Food Website using Html, Css, Java Script 
  Implemented a frontend responsive Food website using Html , Css , Java Script.
 Tools and Technologies used Html , Css , Java Script , Bootstrap . 
  Weather Forecast App   Git Hub Link Deployed Link 
 Built a weather forecast app to determine the weather conditions of any place.
  Engineered an API storage mechanism to get the exact weather conditions of the respective place
  A single server can give all the information of the weather condition at a particular place.
 Tools and Technologies used HTML , CSS , Javascript , React Js , API , Git 
 
  Car-Parking-Real-Time-Detection-System   Git Hub Link 
 Implemented a CV based Project 
  Developed a car parking system using Computer Vision and NLP Techniques. 
  Detects whether the car is parked in correct place or not. 
 Tools and Technologies leveraged Python . 
 
 Technical Skills and Interests 
 
 Languages C, C++, Java Script, Python 
 Web Frameworks Reactjs, Expressjs, Nodejs, Bootstrap. 
 CloudDatabases SQL , Mongo DB 
 Web Tools Git, Github, Replit, Vercel 
 Other Matlab 
 Positions of Responsibility 
 
  Core Lead of Photography Club of IIITs 2023 - 2026 
 
 Led the entire team of Photography Club. Covered 15+ events as a photographer, capturing compelling visuals and
 storytelling moments, reaching an audience of 200+ with top-three regional recognitions.
 
  Core Member of NSS Club of IIITs 2022 - 2023 
 Participated in 20+ NSS programs like cleaning , planting, medical camps etc....